Jason Antman
 110 Chateau Court Apt. 11
 Athens, GA 30606

201.906.7347 (phone)
 jason@jasonantman.com
 http://resume.jasonantman.com

Education

-   Rutgers University  
    Piscataway, NJ
    BA, Information Technology and Informatics 
    January 2006 - October 2009
     

    -   BA in Information Technology and Informatics, Rutgers College /
        School of Communication and Information. Minor in General
        History.

Work Experience

-   CMG Digital  
    Atlanta, GA
    Automation Engineer (Interim) 
    June 2013 - Present
     

    -   Designed Puppet3 infrastructure using latest best practices,
        planned and excuted migration of existing nodes to new
        infrastructure (ongoing).
    -   Took lead role in design/planning and buildout of multiple
        productionlike test environments; cut buildout time for
        environments 2+ by approximately 75%.
    -   Deployed Selenium Grid for internal automated browser tests.
    -   Planned use of environment variables in Apache httpd
        configurations to replace divergent configuration with a single
        git repository promoted between environments.
    -   Assisted small team with overhaul of nightly production to dev
        environment database clone procedure (500GB PostgresQL
        database).
-   CMG Digital  
    Atlanta, GA
    Systems Engineer 
    October 2012 - June 2013
     

    -   General and On-Call duties in a large and fast-paced web media
        environment.
    -   Pushed forward existing Puppet deployment.
    -   Assiested with ops side of major application settings refactor
        project.
    -   Deployed RPM build environment for internal and rebuilt external
        packages.
    -   Deployed 3-node Graphite cluster for metric storage and display;
        began alerting off of metrics.
    -   Packaged RPMs of Apache Tomcat and Zookeeper and NodeJS for
        internal deployment.
-   TechTarget (NASDAQ: TTGT) 
    Alpharetta, GA
    System Administrator  
    November 2011 - Present
     

    -   Design and implementation of Puppet-based configuration
        management and provisioning for all new server deployments.
    -   Technical lead - monitoring and performance analysis of Linux OS
        and application software, VMWare ESX/vCenter5/vSphere;
        distributed Nagios and collectd infrastructure, Veeam One
        virtualization monitoring for end-users, Tidal Enterprise
        Scheduler.
    -   Development of internal tools and infrastructure; technical
        lead/architect for centralized logging, log analysis, DNS
        infrastructure redesign.
-   Rutgers University - Central Systems & Services 
    Piscataway, NJ
    System Administrator  
    September 2007 - October 2011
     

    -   Specification, design, implementation and ongoing second-level
        support of centralized production services including
        configuration management (Puppet), DHCP, WPA2/RADIUS
        authentication and accounting, centralized logging (rsyslog),
        residential (dorm) network authentication/registration/DHCP
        infrastructure.
    -   Extensive scripting and custom tool development (PHP/Ajax, some
        Java and Python) - Linux services, Puppet, ISC dhcpd,
        FreeRADIUS, Meru and BlueSocket wireless equipment, etc.
    -   Investigated security issues on campus wireless network;
        identified and analyzed security vulnerabilities in
        vendor-supplied software.
    -   Third-level support and troubleshooting of campus-wide wireless
        network and wired residential network issues. Assisted with
        network administration tasks.
    -   Management of Nagios and Cacti for availability and performance
        monitoring.
    -   Development and proof-of-concept of University common area wired
        802.1x authentication, with captive portal and MAC auth
        fall-through.
    -   Development of server configuration and security policies, and
        compliance audit tools.
-   Sun Microsystems 
    Somerset, NJ
    Campus Ambassador  
    September 2007 - June 2008
     

    -   Campus Ambassador to Rutgers University, responsible for
        spreading awareness of Sun’s open-source product offerings
        (OpenSolaris, NetBeans, Java) among students, faculty, and
        staff.
-   Rutgers University - NetOps 
    Piscataway, NJ
    Student Systems Programmer  
    April 2006 - May 2007
     

    -   Responsible for various web application programming projects,
        primarily developed for PHP/MySQL on Linux and Solaris.

Volunteer Experience

-   Midland Park Ambulance Corps 
    Midland Park, NJ
     
    January 2006 - Present
     

    -   Sole person responsible for engineering and administration of
        mission-critical internal network, applications and
        Internet-accessible resources supporting 911 Emergency Medical
        response as a local, county and state resource.
    -   Responsible for design, development and ongoing support
        (production status since January 2006) of a custom application
        to collect and store patient care records (currently in second
        version).
    -   Responsible for development, support and ongoing improvements to
        PHP EMS Tools, a web-based application for scheduling, roster
        and certification tracking and day-to-day administrative tasks
        for volunteer emergency services organizations. In production at
        Midland Park Ambulance Corps since January 2007. (See below,
        “Projects”.)
    -   Served in numerous capacities including Crew Chief, By-Laws
        Committee Chairman, Computer Committee Chairman, Treasurer and
        First Lieutenant (second-in-command).
    -   Developed VoIP-based system for EMTs to notify dispatch of their
        response to an emergency call.

Skills

 Languages: 
    Extensive experience with PHP, Python, Bash/Sh, SQL. Moderate skill
    in Perl, Java. Basic knowledge of C.

 Operating Systems: 
    Nine years experience in use and administration of Linux. 5+ years
    experience administering production/critical Linux servers. Majority
    of recent experience with CentOS/RedHat 5 and 6; former experience
    with SuSE (7.3-11.3). Basic Solaris 9/10 skills (mainly migration to
    Linux). Vyatta Network OS, Cisco CatOS and IOS. MacOS (user).

 Software: 
    Strong: Puppet/Foreman, ISC dhcpd, FreeRADIUS, rsyslog,
    Nagios/Icinga, Cacti, Bacula, Apache HTTPD, MySQL, Postfix,
    Procmail, MediaWiki, IPtables, Vyatta router/firewall. Moderate: ISC
    BIND9, Asterisk, Subversion (SVN), WordPress, OCS Inventory,
    OpenLDAP, Veeam One, rsync. Basic: NIS (ypserv), Dovecot, CUPS, Xen
    and VMWare virtualization (vCenter/vSphere), Tomcat, RoR/Phusion
    Passenger, Redmine, Apache SOLR, Vignette7/8, Resin, memcached,
    Tidal Enterprise Scheduler. Strongest Network Protocols: RADIUS,
    DHCP, DNS, SNMP.

 Hardware: 
    HP Proliant, Sun, Dell and SuperMicro x86/x86-64 servers, HP iLO,
    Sun iLOM. Linux- and BSD-based network devices. Soekris embedded
    computers, Meru and BlueSocket wireless access points and
    controllers. Cisco network hardware. Avocent/Cyclades ACS console
    servers. F5 BigIp load balancers. Experience with physical
    infrastructure maintenance (copper, fiber, power) and data center
    operations.


