
   Jason Antman
   110 Chateau Court Apt. 11
   Athens, GA 30606

   201.906.7347 (phone)
   jason@jasonantman.com
   http://resume.jasonantman.com

   Education

     *

       Rutgers University                          Piscataway, NJ
       BA, Information Technology and Informatics  January 2006 - October 2009

          + BA in Information Technology and Informatics, Rutgers College
            / School of Communication and Information.
          + Minor in General History.

   Work Experience

     *

       Rutgers University - Central Systems & Services  Piscataway, NJ
       System Administrator                             September 2007 - Present

          + Part Time September 2007 - May 2010. Full Time May 2010 -
            Present.
          + Specification, design, implementation and ongoing second-level
            support of centralized production services including
            configuration management (Puppet), DHCP, WPA2/RADIUS
            authentication and accounting, centralized logging (rsyslog),
            residential (dorm) network authentication/registration/DHCP
            infrastructure.
          + System administration and troubleshooting of service-critical
            Linux (RedHat/CentOS, SuSE) servers and applications (Apache
            httpd, MySQL, etc.), appliances, and network devices.
          + Extensive scripting and custom tool development (PHP/Ajax,
            some Java and Python) - Linux services, Puppet, ISC dhcpd,
            FreeRADIUS, Meru and BlueSocket wireless equipment, etc.
          + Investigated security issues on campus wireless network;
            identified and analyzed security vulnerabilities in
            vendor-supplied software.
          + Third-level support and troubleshooting of campus-wide
            wireless network and wired residential network issues.
            Assisted with network administration tasks.
          + Management of Nagios and Cacti for availability and
            performance monitoring.
          + Development and proof-of-concept of University common area
            wired 802.1x authentication, with captive portal and MAC auth
            fall-through.
          + Development of server configuration and security policies, and
            compliance audit tools.
          + Assisted as required with hardware upgrades/installations of
            wireless equipment and student computer labs.
     *

       Sun Microsystems   Somerset, NJ
       Campus Ambassador  September 2007 - June 2008

          + Campus Ambassador to Rutgers University, responsible for
            spreading awareness of Sun’s open-source product offerings
            (OpenSolaris, NetBeans, Java) among students, faculty, and
            staff.
     *

       Freelance System Administration/Programming
                                                    September 2007 - Present

          + Developed and implemented PHP-based invoice printing system
            for electrical parts distributor.
          + Performed full backup, analysis, recovery and documentation of
            a custom SCO Unix server (broken and abandoned by previous
            consultant).
          + Other small projects.
     *

       Rutgers University - NetOps  Piscataway, NJ
       Student Systems Programmer   April 2006 - May 2007

          + Responsible for various web application programming projects,
            primarily developed for PHP/MySQL on Linux and Solaris.

   Volunteer Experience

     *

       Midland Park Ambulance Corps  Midland Park, NJ
                                     January 2006 - Present

          + Sole person responsible for engineering and administration of
            mission-critical internal network, applications and
            Internet-accessible resources supporting 911 Emergency Medical
            response as a local, county and state resource.
          + Responsible for design, development and ongoing support
            (production status since January 2006) of a custom application
            to collect and store patient care records (currently in second
            version).
          + Responsible for development, support and ongoing improvements
            to PHP EMS Tools, a web-based application for scheduling,
            roster and certification tracking and day-to-day
            administrative tasks for volunteer emergency services
            organizations. In production at Midland Park Ambulance Corps
            since January 2007. (See below, “Projects”.)
          + Served in numerous capacities including Crew Chief, By-Laws
            Committee Chairman, Computer Committee Chairman, Treasurer and
            First Lieutenant (second-in-command).
          + Developed VoIP-based system for EMTs to notify dispatch of
            their response to an emergency call.

   Skills

   Languages:
          Extensive experience with PHP, Python, Bash/Sh, SQL. Moderate
          Java skills. Able to understand C and sane Perl.

   Operating Systems:
          7 years experience in use and administration of Linux. 4+ years
          experience administering production/critical Linux servers.
          Majority of recent experience with CentOS/RedHat; former
          experience with SuSE (7.3-11.3). Passable Solaris 10 skills
          (mainly migration to Linux). Vyatta Network OS, Cisco CatOS and
          IOS. MacOS (user).

   Software:
          Strong: Puppet, ISC dhcpd, FreeRADIUS, rsyslog, Nagios, Cacti,
          Bacula, Apache HTTPD, MySQL, Postfix, Procmail, MediaWiki,
          IPtables, Vyatta router/firewall. Moderate: ISC BIND9, Asterisk,
          Subversion (administration), WordPress, OCS Inventory. Basic:
          OpenLDAP, Dovecot, CUPS, Xen virtualization. Strongest Network
          Protocols: RADIUS, DHCP.

   Hardware:
          HP Proliant, Sun and Dell x86/x86-64 servers, HP iLO, Sun iLOM.
          Linux- and BSD-based network devices. Soekris embedded
          computers, Meru and BlueSocket wireless access points and
          controllers. Cisco and HP ProCurve network hardware.
          Avocent/Cyclades ACS console servers.

   Projects

   2007–Present:
          PHP EMS Tools (www.php-ems-tools.com) - a scheduling and
          administrative tool for emergency services agencies, coded in
          PHP with a MySQL backend. Also includes LDAP integration and a
          Asterisk-based system to accept real-time confirmation phone
          calls from first responders enroute to emergencies. GPL-licensed
          Free/Open Source with over 1,000 downloads.

   In Progress
          Meru Networks configuration file generation tool - web-based
          tool for generating and manipulating Meru Networks controller
          configurations, specifically adding access points and moving
          groups of APs between controllers.

          See also: http://www.jasonantman.com and
          http://blog.jasonantman.com for others.

   Activities

          Member, USENIX SAGE (System Administration special interest
          group).

          Member, League of Professional System Administrators (LOPSA),
          New Jersey chapter.

          2005 recipient of the Raoul Wallenberg Humanitarian Award (for
          high school students) presented by the Greater New York
          Wallenberg Committee, for activities supporting local homeless
          outreach program.

   References and letter of recommendation available upon request.
